== README

This is a simple Rails app to demonstrate using odata server and Ember.js with a basic RESTful persistence strategy.

## Installation

Assuming Ruby 1.9.2+ with bundler gem installed:

    $ bundle install
    $ bundle exec rake db:migrate
    $ rails s


## The steps to build the website.

1, Learning odata and ember.js from the information you give, then get odata and ember.js gem.
2, Trying to get the data from the odata server. It is too slowly to get the data, so I migrated the data to my local
database by writing migration.
3, Implementing the functions:
- A List of Customers
- User could click any customer from list to open the detail, which include CustomerID， ContactName， CompanyName and so on.
- User could go back to list
At first, I used the demo from https://github.com/dgeb/ember_rest_example. But {{link-to}} can not work when I want to
add the link to jump to custom page. So, I searched the solution from the author's blog, stackoverflow, google, github, but I still didn't
solve it.
It cost 3 days to find the solution. I was collapsed.
So I decided to build a new app. I  do it step by step from http://emberjs.com/ and https://github.com/emberjs/ember-rails.
first, I write the <customer list> and <customer detail> page, then add the route to point to the two page. I added the link
to the two page at the end.

## The knowledge I learn from the contest
1, Knowing the structure of ember, the simple usage of ember.js + ror and the usage of odata.
2, Realizing that you can learn knowledge from the github, but don't use the demo directly. It is very precious to
writing a new app by yourself, beacause you can get more knowledge and understand deeper.



